---
layout: post
title: "간직하고, 함께해요 여행"
featured-img: Trace
date_format: "2017.06 ~ 2017.07"
summary: "- 앨범 저장 및 관리 기능 <br>- 여행계획 일정관리 기능<br>- Ruby on Rails<br>- Ajax, JavaScript <br> - Daum지도 Wep API <br> - Cloud9 배포(WEBrick, MySQL) <br> - AWS 배포 (EC2-Nginx, RDS-MySQL)"
---

## Getting started

[GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com) can automatically generate and serve the website for you.
Let's say you have a username/organisation `my-org` and project `my-proj`; if you locate Jekyll source under `docs` folder of master branch in your repo `github.com/my-org/my-proj`, the website will be served on `my-org.github.io/my-proj`.
The good thing about coupling your documentation with the source repo is, whenever you merge features with regarding content to master branch, it will also be published in the webpage instantly.

1. Just download the source from [github.com/janczizikow/sleek](https://github.com/janczizikow/sleek/) into your repo under `docs` folder.
2. Edit site settings in  `_config.yml` file according to your project.
3. Replace `favicon.ico` and `img/logonav.png` with your own logo.

## Writing content

### Docs

Docs are [collections](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/collections/) of pages stored under `_docs` folder. To create a new page:

**1.** Create a new Markdown as `_docs/my-page.md` and write [front matter](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/frontmatter/) & content such as:

```
---
title: My Page
permalink: /docs/my-page/
---

Hello World!
```

**2.** Add the pagename to `_pages/docs.yml` file in order to list in docs navigation panel:

```
- title: My Group Title
  docs:
  - my-page
```

### Blog posts

Add a new Markdown file such as `2017-05-09-my-post.md` and write the content similar to other post examples.

### Pages

The home page is located under `index.md` file. You can change the content or design completely different welcome page for your taste.

In order to add a new page, create a new html or markdown file under root directory and link it in `_includes/header.html`.

### Images TODO

Introduce gulp optimization

Breakpoint | Image Type | Width | Retina
------------ | ------------ | ------------- | -------------
xs |Post Thumb | 535px | 1070px
sm |Post Thumb | 500px| 1000px
md |Post Thumb | 329.375px | 658.75px
lg |Post Thumb | 445.625px | 891.25px
xl |Post Thumb | 353.125px | 706.25px


Breakpoint | Image Type | Width | Retina
------------ | ------------ | ------------- | -------------
xs |Post Hero | 535px | 1070px
sm |Post Hero | 500px| 1000px
md |Post Hero | 329.375px | 658.75px
lg |Post Hero | 445.625px | 891.25px
xl |Post Hero | 353.125px | 706.25px

Happy hacking!
